essay 1:
The mobile phone is very important for many people now so much so that most people have become dependent on this.

The mobile phone is very used because it solves many of our problems of the day to day of fast and efficient, the same that are considered as advantages of its use. But at the same time it generates multiple disadvantages. Such as :
1. Dependency
2. Inefficiency physically and mentally
3. damage to our views
4. Purpose of theft
5. Little real interaction with humans.
Within this list the second disadvantage is the most relevant and it is proven by scientists and clearly we can realize in the environment where we are.

Therefore, the use of the mobile phone must be balanced, try to use it for specific and important things at the right times, in order to reduce the disadvantages that it produces in us.

essay 2:
Mobile phone is a good technology which is not lacking from our lives. This report will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using mobile phones.

Today, mobile phone has become popular to everybody since it is very convenient. The most advantage of having a mobile phone is you can communicate to your family and your friends no matter what where you are. For instance, you can contact easily to your friends by calling or sending messages everywhere without electricity. It is maybe the main reason why almost all people today choose to own a mobile phone. From the customer’s point of view, it is obvious that mobile phones assist you in business a lot, such as, make schedule of working, surf the internet, and keep in touch with their companies. Moreover, you can relax with mobile phone’s applications, for example, play games, listen to music, or chat with your friends.

On the other hand, there are also disadvantages. Using a lot mobile phone can harm your brain, particularly teenager and children who are under 16 years old. If you use mobile phones too much, you will get bad effects like dizzy, blood-brain barrier, or ears problems. In addition, when you use mobile phones while you are driving, you will get an accident. It is essential not good for you and others. Moreover, “radiations emitted from the phone are dead harmful for the eardrum”, has proved by many scientist. 

Owning a mobile phone in your hand is you can solve many issues and hold most of information around the world. Even though is not good for your health and you have to protect yourself from bad effects of mobile phones if you choose to have one.

